Hello Sparkfun!

I'm excited to hear back from you regarding this positon, and hope this preliminary application helps discern me 
further for an interview in person!  I can begin work as soon as possible, though it may be easier if I was onboarded
after the new year since I imagine most engineers will have intermittent schedules for the holidays.  As far as work
schedule goes, I would prefer to work weekdays but am indifferent as to how many hours a day I would be at the office.
I imagine that this may vary drastically as projects approach deadlines and am more than willing to adjust my schedule
as necessary.

As for compensation, I would prefer something around $30/hr with benefits, though I would be willing to accept
as low as $22 with benefits initially with a review after several months to discuss a raise after I've demonstrated my
value and skillset to the engineering team.

I am an absolute avid dog fan and have worked in dog-friendly environments in the past at Modular Robotics and find
their presense a huge boost to office (and my own) morale.  I don't currently own a dog but anticipate adopting a
Vizsla once I have the proper accomodations for such a commitment.  I would probably bring Tesla (yeah I've already
picked a tentative name) to the office, but only once they've progressed far enough in their training as to not
pee all over the floor and quit harassing the other office hounds!

My culturaly alter-ego is probably that of...  an endurance junkie?  I don't know a better description of what I prefer
to occupy my time with.  I'm currently heavily into training for long course races (140.6/70.3 mile triathlons and
marathons) but I also enjoy backpacking and thru hiking.  I finished the 500 mile Colorado Trail last year by hiking
from Denver to Durango over the course of five weeks.  I'm not necessarily a big skier, but the thought of back
country skiing and winter camping has great appeal to me.  Currently, other than training for the Austin Marathon in
February and integrating more biking for Ironman Boulder next August, I'll also be increasing pack weight and time at
altitude to make an attempt at ascending Aconcagua (2nd highest ultra behind Everest) in the next few years.
I would love to bike to and from work on my triathlon bike as a way to get in some training which brings up the 
question, does Sparkfun have a bike locker and showers?

I am truly excited at the prospect of joining the Sparkfun team.  While at Sparkfun, I would love to work as much as
possible with the education team.  I believe that getting kids and young adults interested in programming and citizen 
science is a great way to foster ingenuity and curiousity in youth.  I believe that Sparkfun is uniquely positioned to
chase this education above other local toy startups due to the inherent diy, do-it-yourself nature of it's products.
If I recall, last time I saw Mr. Seidle at the OSHWA meetup several years ago, he had mentioned hiring on a full time
beekeeper to run a hive at Sparkfun, whatever happened with that?  I am particularly interested in joining that side
project as well and applying some of my Open Source Beehive development knowledge to anyone working on it, or even 
rebooting that project if it slipped through the cracks.  As part of my initial application, I included a proposal to 
reboot and re-invent the Sparkfun Soldering Competition, I would love to further discuss that as an option, and 
possibly move further in the development of more power-concious development kits.

That being said, I think there are probably a ton of great projects going on at Sparkfun that I haven't even heard of.
I would love to remain open to any additional suggestions to filling out different roles depending on what is needed.
That being said, I think that my multi-faceted nature and interest in the Sparkfun community itself lends me to filling
whatever needs initially present themselves during my work at Sparkfun, and move into other areas as I meet other 
engineers and nerds around the office.

Fuzzily,

Chris
